# Scientometric-analysis-Zim-liberation-struggle
# Scientometric Analysis of the liberation struggle of Zimbabwe: A tribute to our heroes
The fight for freedom in Zimbabwe, like any other struggle was a struggle of tears, anger, frustrations and bloodshed. To eternally symbolise this carnage to its people, the flag of Zimbabwe has a red colour. 
The following analysis will be deliniate itself in taking a non-partisan approach. 125 sources and 231 documents that critically chronicle the liberation struggle were accessed on the 4th of August and analysed. The average citations per document were 4.81 and the total references totalled 7019. There were 153 articles in total and 73 book reviews amongst the documents analysed.  Altogether there were 229 authors on the Zimbabwean liberation struggle spanning from 1979-2020, 149 were single authored  and 80 were multi-authored documents. 
It was found that Alexander J and Maringira G are the most productive authors in this subject having published 8 articles. The country with the most citations on this subject is the United Kingdom (326), followed by USA (273), Zimbabwe (146) and South Africa (113) to name just a few. The most relevant sources come from the Journal of Sourthern African studies (30 articles) then African Affairs (11) and the International Journal of African Historical studies (10) also to name but a few. 
The most relevant kew words or rather, put in another way, the liberation struggle is synonymous of decolonisation, identity, war, politics, power and the land issue. 
